bpo-44523: Remove the pass-through for hash() in weakref proxy objects (#26950)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-06-29-11-49-29.bpo-44523.67-ZIP.rst

Remove the pass-through for :func:`hash` of :class:`weakref.proxy` objects

> due to prevent unintended consecuences when the original referred object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to prevent unintended consequences when the original referred object
```
